foreign
will be the same
so
yes a star is born and in its splendor
and deep emotional fire
in its shining beauty and wonderful
heart a new era in motion picture
achievement is also
born you'll see it in the richness and
magnificence
so lavishly poured into every scene
you'll feel it
in the countless moments of deep human
understanding
you'll hear it in the rousing tempo of
its great music
and you'll know it when you experience
the joy and jubilation
of judy garland as the star and you'll
never forget
james mason as norman maine clinging
desperately to the only real love he'd
ever known
there's jack carson charles bickford all
bringing inspired life to a story that
only life itself
could have inspired you don't know what
it's like
to see somebody love
crumble away in front of your eyes bit
by bit
day by day i i hate myself because i
failed to you got it just like you
dreamed it
oh no i've got more
so much more
it's a new world
i see
a new world
for me
this is a story of a little girl
searching searching searching
for she knows somewhere they say someone
who's this someone for her
this is a story you want to have bells
that'll ring
you want to have songs ever sing you
watch your sky of baby blue you gotta
have me
go with you before it started
many years ago
when i was born in a trunk
in the princess
all
so
you